Who is Roost?
ROOST is the champion of the Base ecosystem. Protecting, vibing and growing the $ROOST community.

What chain is Roost on?
$ROOST is on Base.

How can I buy Roost?
Make sure you download the Metamask Wallet app or browser extension for you phone. Simply purchase $ROOST using BASE-ETH through a DEX like Uniswap. Easy!

How do I join the telegram?
https://t.me/BaseRoostCoin

What is the Twitter/X main account?
@Roostcoin

About Roost:
Roost is the top cock on Base. Roost started off as a simple meme coin, but quickly became a holder-driven community (the Roost Army) backed by a blue-blooded team running the roost. During the initial pre-sale, $Roost raised $12.5 million dollars, the first to raise millions on the Base chain. Roost is powered by memes, fueled by the top community on Base, and gaining the attention by some of the biggest names on X.

ABOUT THE ROOST ARMY:
The Roost Army is a collective of like-minded $ROOST holders who are dedicated to helping make Roost the top mutha cluckin’ coin on Base. We come from all backgrounds, all ages, and we are global. Some are using the Roost Army as a foundation to make new friends, new business connections, and to go after their dreams. Others simply enjoy being a part of the community filled with blue-blooded cocks who are busting their feathers to onboard new holders, pump the chart, and create real long-term value for all holders. In other words, we like the coin. We are ROOSTED and we are BASED. The Roost Army is already making a name for itself in competitive gaming and education. And YES. We destroy other teams. So if you’re a gamer, you’ll have a kick-ass team on your side. Everyone is welcome to join the Roost Army. The cost of entry is simply being a $ROOST holder. We are here to create the biggest success story in crypto while having fun, making new friends, and making some real $$$ doing so.

GET BASED:
Roost Coin lives on Base (https://www.base.org/). Base is a secure, low-cost, builder-friendly Ethereum L2 built to bring the next billion users onchain. Base is built to be the onchain home for Coinbase products, users, and assets, as well as an open ecosystem where anyone can build for them. The Roost Army boosts the Roost, but we also deeply support Base and all legit projects on Base. We embrace the mission to onboard over 1 billion people onto Base over the next decade. Roost and the Roost Army is BASED.

What is the contract address / CA?
0xeD899bfDB28c8ad65307Fa40f4acAB113AE2E14c

DISCLAIMER:
DISCLAIMER
We are not Roost Coin. This is an UNOFFICIAL Roost Army website. I’m an individual $ROOST holder who wanted to help everyone out. (This is how we roll, cluckers!) We do not provide investment or financial advice – ever. ALL opinions you see on this site, hear on X spaces, or any and all social media are opinions of those talking or posting. This site is independently operated by a Roost holder who likes the coin. Never invest into any crypto more than you are afraid to lose. Investing in anything carries risks. Do your own research. Seek financial advice from an advisor or your rich uncle Joe. This site is for informational and educational purposes only to help spread blue cock love. We do not collect information about visitors or gather emails. This site is to help YOU and provide you with a resource that you can send to others interested in learning more about Roost Coin on Base. In short, we like the coin.

Who is Gorrilla Blanco?
This wrestling sensation has graced the ring with his impressive skills and has garnered quite a following on Instagram, where he shares his adventures and perhaps a gorilla-sized amount of charisma.

It's not every day you come across a wrestler with such a unique moniker, but then again, the world of professional wrestling is full of surprises. So, the next time you find yourself pondering the identity of Gorilla Blanco, just remember that behind the mask (or perhaps the username) is a man named Kenneth Lester, who's probably busy perfecting his wrestling moves or sharing his latest escapades on social media.







